# ServiceMonster

A Ruby wrapper for the Service Monster REST API.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'service_monster'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install service_monster

## Usage

### Configuration

Before you can make calls to ServiceMonster you must configure the library with a valid API Token. You can request
a token be generated by ServiceMonster. The API Token ties the API request to a particualr ServiceMonster company id.

There are two ways to configure the ServiceMonster gem. You can pass a hash of configuration options when you create
a client, or you can use a configure block.

```ruby
client = ServiceMonster.client({api_key: "YOUR_KEY_HERE"})
```

```ruby
ServiceMonster.configure do |config|
  config.api_key = "YOUR_KEY_HERE"
end

client = ServiceMonster.client
```

### Resources

There are currently two Service Monster resources implemented in this client; Accounts and Orders.
See the parameters section below for information about what kinds of parameters can be sent to Service Monster.

Getting a list of accounts:

```ruby
client.accounts(params)
```

Getting a single account (the id parameter is the Service Monster GUID for the account):

```
client.account(id, params)
```

Getting a list of orders:

```ruby
client.orders(params)
```

Getting a single order (the id parameter is the Service Monster GUID for the order):

```ruby
client.order(id, params)
```

### Parameters

ServiceMonster supports several parameters that can be passed to their API to change the results you receive.

* **q:** Search term. Supply this parameter with a value to return results on which this search term matches at least one of the fields.
* **fields:** Field list. Supply a comma separated list of fields you would like to be returned. See http://developer.servicemonster.net/Documentation.aspx?ID=1 for a list of resources and the available fields for each.
* **limit:** The number of records to return in the result. Defaults to 10.
* **page:** The page of data to return in the result. Defaults to the first page of data.

If you wish to filter a resource for a particular value in a field or set of dates use the following three parameters.

* **wField:** A field name from the resource to filter on.
* **wOperator:** An operator to use with the filter field. This can be one of:
  * gt
  * lt
  * eq
* **wValue:** The value used to filter the wField with.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
